Write HOWTO for package creating (#347)
elastic/elastic-package: docs/howto/create_new_package.md

> # HOWTO: Create new package/data stream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# HOWTO: Create new packages and data streams
```

## Introduction

> Elastic Packages can be used to bootstrap a new package or add a data stream using an embedded archetype ([resource templates](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-package/tree/master/internal/packages/archetype)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `elastic-package` tool can be used to bootstrap a new package or add a data stream using an embedded archetype ([resource templates](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-package/tree/master/internal/packages/archetype)).
```

It's advised to use `elastic-package create` to build new package rather than copying sources of an existing package.

> With archetype you can be sure that you're following latest recommendations for the package format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will ensure that you're following latest recommendations for the package format.
```

### Create new package

Prerequisites:

> _Pick the directory where you'd like to create a new package. For integrations, it's: [packages/](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/tree/master/packages)._

Reviewer: 👍 on this pre-requisites section with an example.

> Steps:

Reviewer: Make this a level 4 heading?

Author: Fixed

1. Bootstrap new package using the TUI wizard: `elastic-package create package`.

> 2. Fine-tune the created package:

Reviewer: These are manual steps right? Maybe mention it so it's extra clear?

Author: Fixed, good idea

  * define policy templates and inputs
  * add icons and screenshots
  * update README files
  * update `changelog.yml` file

> 3. (Enter the package directory) Verify the package: `elastic-package check`.

Reviewer: Consider splitting these into two steps. Or having one parent step with two sub steps for the two commands (enter directory, elastic-package check).

Author: Fixed!

### Add data stream

Prerequisites:

_Enter the package directory. For nginx integration, it's: [packages/nginx/](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/tree/master/packages/nginx)._

Steps:

1. Bootstrap new data stream using the TUI wizard: `elastic-package create data-stream`.
2. Fine-tune created data stream:
  * define streams and required vars
  * define used fields
  * define ingest pipeline definition (if necessary)
  * update the agent's stream configuration

> 3. Make sure that the data stream is inline with the package skeleton.

Reviewer: I think this point is a bit unclear. As a reader how would I know what to do here?

Author: Ok, I removed it as it's a bit redundant. My point was to double check if there are no different input names as in the package manifest, but I think we can skip it. The user can figure it out while testing the UI configuration form.
